# Excel Analysis

### 1. Given the provided data, what are the three conclusions we can draw about Kickstarter campaigns?
Given the provided data, there are many conclusions that can be drawn about Kickstarter campaigns. One conclusion is that theater is the largest category of Kickstarter campaigns and plays are the largest sub-category. These categories are getting the most action and have the highest number of successful campaigns. However, they also have the highest number of failed campaigns. More in-depth analysis would need to be done in order to see if these successes out-weigh the failures. Another conclusion that can be drawn from this data is that the number of successful campaigns seems to be the highest in the April to July months. In contract the number of failed campaigns is the lowest from February to April. Given this, the best time of year to succeed in a campaign is likely the spring months. A third conclusion that can be made from this data is that campaigns with a lower goal amount have a higher chance of being successful and campaigns with goals of $10,000 or higher have less than a 50% chance of being successful. 

### 2. What are some limitations of this dataset?
There are many limitations to this dataset. One limitation to this dataset is that it Is lacking additional background information. We may see a certain pattern or trend and are not able to speak much to why that event might be occurring. For example, many of the canceled campaigns weren’t funded very much. More information around the cancelation processes could highlight any causation here. Another limitation is this data sets’ lack of units on given numerical values. This data set states the different countries and currency type but does not specify in the goal/pledged columns if that value has been converted to a consistent currency. This could cause discrepancies in analysis of this data if this has not been done. 

### 3.	What are some other possible tables and/or graphs that we could create?
One other possible table that we could create is one that compares the Date Created and Date Ended Conversions by category and/or sub-category to analyze and look for any trends between longer launch timelines and type of project. If there was a trend here, it could be displayed using a line graph. Another possible thing to look at here is the average donation

### Bonus Statistical Analysis:
I believe that the median summarizes the data in a more meaningful way. The minimum and maximum in contrast with quartile 1 and 3 reveal that there are some large outliers that are skewing the mean. In both the successful and unsuccessful analysis, the mean is higher than the Q3 value which shows that the mean is outside the interquartile range. This means that there are larger outliers skewing the mean since 50% of the values lie within the interquartile range. The median is a more meaningful representation here because it gives a better picture of the data and where the majority of the values lie. Based on the data, there is more variability with successful campaigns than there are with unsuccessful campaigns. This does make sense because each successful campaign started with different goals and specifications. Some successful campaigns might require much more money and thus more backers than others, which provides for a situation that results in larger variability.
